README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# OMSS Example Backend

<img  alt="40211688-73db-47bd-8153-30d1a416f576" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc6d19dc-0d86-43e5-86cc-6e1d32bdab40" />

This is an extendable example implementation of the **[OMSS (Open Media Streaming Standard)](https://github.com/omss-spec/omss-spec)** backend server. It demonstrates how to build a compliant streaming media aggregation service that scrapes content from multiple providers and returns standardized responses. This is nearly a scraping framework. It handles most of the logic already for you. You just have to add the scraping logic!

</div>

## 🎯 What is OMSS?

OMSS is an open standard for streaming media aggregation. It provides a unified API for fetching movie and TV show streaming sources from multiple providers, with built-in proxy support, subtitle handling, and quality selection.

### Key Features

- ✅ **Standardized API**: Consistent response format across all providers
- ✅ **Multi-Provider Support**: Aggregate sources from multiple streaming providers
- ✅ **Built-in Proxy**: Automatic URL proxying with header forwarding
- ✅ **TMDB Integration**: Validation against The Movie Database
- ✅ **Caching Layer**: Redis or in-memory caching for performance
- ✅ **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript support
- ✅ **Provider Management**: Easy enable/disable, automatic discovery
- ✅ **Health Checks**: Monitor provider availability
- ✅ **Refresh API**: Force cache invalidation when needed

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Creating Custom Providers](#creating-custom-providers)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [OMSS Compliance](#omss-compliance)
- [License](#license)

## 🚀 Installation

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18.x or higher
- npm or yarn
- TMDB API Key ([Get one here](https://www.themoviedb.org/settings/api))
- (Optional) Redis server for caching

### Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### Setup Environment

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env` and add your TMDB API key and modify other settings as needed.

## 🎬 Quick Start

### Basic Server Setup

```typescript
import { OMSSServer } from './src';
import { ExampleProvider } from './src/providers/implementations/example-provider';

// Create server instance
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'My OMSS Backend',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: 'localhost',
    port: 3000,
    cache: {
        type: 'memory',
        ttl: {
            sources: 7200,
            subtitles: 7200,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});

// Register providers
const registry = server.getRegistry();
registry.register(new ExampleProvider());

// or use the very cool auto-discovery feature
// registry.discoverProviders('./path/to/providerfolder');
// Note: this is relative to where you start the server.

// Start server
await server.start();
```

### Test the API

```bash
# Get movie sources
curl http://localhost:3000/v1/movies/550

# Get TV episode sources
curl http://localhost:3000/v1/tv/1399/1/1

# Health check
curl http://localhost:3000/v1/health
```

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Server Configuration Options

```typescript
interface OMSSConfig {
    // Required: Server identification
    name: string; // Your server name
    version: string; // OMSS Spec version

    // Optional: Network settings
    host?: string; // Default: 'localhost'
    port?: number; // Default: 3000
    publicUrl?: string; // For reverse proxy setups

    // Optional: Cache configuration
    cache?: {
        type: 'memory' | 'redis';
        ttl: {
            sources: number;
            subtitles: number;
        };
        redis?: {
            host: string;
            port: number;
            password?: string;
        };
    };

    // Required: TMDB configuration
    tmdb?: {
        apiKey?: string; // Can also use TMDB_API_KEY env var
        cacheTTL?: number; // Default: 86400 (24 hours)
    };
}
```

### Example Configurations

#### Development

```typescript
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'OMSS Dev Server',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: 'localhost',
    port: 3000,
    cache: {
        type: 'memory',
        ttl: {
            sources: 7200,
            subtitles: 7200,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});
```

#### Production with Redis

```typescript
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'OMSS Production',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: '0.0.0.0',
    port: 3000,
    publicUrl: 'https://api.mystream.com',
    cache: {
        type: 'redis',
        ttl: {
            sources: 7200,
            subtitles: 7200,
        },
        redis: {
            host: process.env.REDIS_HOST || 'localhost',
            port: parseInt(process.env.REDIS_PORT || '6379'),
            password: process.env.REDIS_PASSWORD,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});
```

#### Behind Reverse Proxy

```typescript
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'OMSS API',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: '0.0.0.0',
    port: 3000,
    // This is the public URL clients will use
    publicUrl: 'https://myapp.com/api',
    cache: {
        type: 'redis',
        redis: {
            host: 'redis.internal',
            port: 6379,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});
```

## 🔌 Creating Custom Providers

See the detailed [Provider Creation Guide](./examples/example-provider.ts) for a complete walkthrough.

### Quick Start with Auto-Discovery

The easiest way to add a new provider:

1. Create a directory for all of your provider files

    ```bash
    touch src/providers/implementations/my-provider.ts
    ```

2. Implement the `BaseProvider` class (see example below) in each file.

3. In the Setup, use the `discoverProviders` method of the `ProviderRegistry` to load all providers from that directory:

    ```typescript
    const registry = server.getRegistry();
    registry.discoverProviders('./src/providers/implementations'); // relative to where you start the server from
    ```

4. That's it! The provider will be automatically discovered and registered when you start the server!

No imports, no manual registration needed!

### Minimal Provider Example

```typescript
import { BaseProvider } from './src/providers/base-provider';
import { ProviderCapabilities, ProviderMediaObject, ProviderResult } from './src/core/types';

export class MyProvider extends BaseProvider {
    // Required: Provider identification
    readonly id = 'my-provider';
    readonly name = 'My Provider';
    readonly enabled = true;

    // Required: Base URL and headers
    readonly BASE_URL = 'https://provider.example.com';
    readonly HEADERS = {
        'User-Agent': 'Mozilla/5.0',
        Referer: 'https://provider.example.com',
    };

    // Required: Declare what this provider supports
    readonly capabilities: ProviderCapabilities = {
        supportedContentTypes: ['movies', 'tv'],
    };

    // Implement movie scraping
    async getMovieSources(media: ProviderMediaObject): Promise<ProviderResult> {
        this.console.log('Fetching movie sources', media);

        try {
            // Your scraping logic here
            const streamUrl = await this.scrapeMovieUrl(media.tmdbId); // this is just some example function

            return {
                sources: [
                    {
                        url: this.createProxyUrl(streamUrl, this.HEADERS),
                        type: 'hls',
                        quality: '1080p',
                        audioTracks: [
                            {
                                language: 'en',
                                label: 'English',
                            },
                        ],
                        provider: {
                            id: this.id,
                            name: this.name,
                        },
                    },
                ],
                subtitles: [],
                diagnostics: [],
            };
        } catch (error) {
            this.console.error('Failed to fetch sources', error, media);

            return {
                sources: [],
                subtitles: [],
                diagnostics: [
                    {
                        code: 'PROVIDER_ERROR',
                        message: `${this.name} failed`,
                        field: '',
                        severity: 'error',
                    },
                ],
            };
        }
    }

    // Implement TV scraping
    async getTVSources(media: ProviderMediaObject): Promise<ProviderResult> {
        // Similar to getMovieSources but for TV
        return { sources: [], subtitles: [], diagnostics: [] };
    }

    // Optional: Custom health check
    async healthCheck(): Promise<boolean> {
        try {
            const response = await fetch(this.BASE_URL);
            return response.ok;
        } catch {
            return false;
        }
    }
}
```

### Full Provider Example

See the detailed [Provider Creation Guide](./examples/example-provider.ts) for a complete walkthrough.

## 📡 API Endpoints

### GET `/v1/movies/:tmdbId`

Fetch streaming sources for a movie.

**Parameters:**

- `tmdbId` (path): TMDB movie ID

**Response:**

```json
{
    "responseId": "uuid-v4",
    "expiresAt": "2026-01-18T20:00:00.000Z",
    "sources": [
        {
            "url": "/v1/proxy?data=...",
            "type": "hls",
            "quality": "1080p",
            "audioTracks": [
                {
                    "language": "en",
                    "label": "English"
                }
            ],
            "provider": {
                "id": "vixsrc",
                "name": "VixSrc"
            }
        }
    ],
    "subtitles": [],
    "diagnostics": []
}
```

### GET `/v1/tv/:tmdbId/seasons/:season/episodes/:episode`

Fetch streaming sources for a TV episode.

**Parameters:**

- `tmdbId` (path): TMDB series ID
- `season` (path): Season number (0-99)
- `episode` (path): Episode number (1-9999)

**Response:** Same structure as movies endpoint

### GET `/v1/proxy`

Proxy streaming URLs with custom headers.

**Query Parameters:**

- `data` (required): URL-encoded JSON containing:
    ```json
    {
        "url": "https://stream.example.com/video.m3u8",
        "headers": {
            "Referer": "https://provider.example.com"
        }
    }
    ```

### GET `/v1/refresh/:responseId`

Force refresh cached sources.

**Parameters:**

- `responseId` (path): Response ID from previous request

### GET `/v1/health`

Health check endpoint.

**Response:**

```json
{
    "status": "healthy",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "providers": {
        "total": 1,
        "enabled": 1
    }
}
```

## 🌍 Environment Variables

```env
# Server Configuration
PORT=3000            # Port number for the server
HOST=0.0.0.0         # Use 'localhost' to restrict to local access
NODE_ENV=development # 'development' | 'production'

# TMDB Configuration
TMDB_API_KEY=your_tmdb_api_key_here
TMDB_CACHE_TTL=86400

# Cache Configuration
CACHE_TYPE=memory    # 'memory' | 'redis'

# Redis Configuration (if using Redis cache)
REDIS_HOST=localhost # default Redis host
REDIS_PORT=6379      # default Redis port
REDIS_PASSWORD=      # Redis password if required
```

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                        OMSS Server                          │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Controllers                                                │
│  ├── ContentController (Movies/TV endpoints)                │
│  ├── ProxyController (Streaming proxy)                      │
│  └── HealthController (Health checks)                       │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Services                                                   │
│  ├── SourceService (Aggregates provider results)            │
│  ├── TMDBService (Validates against TMDB)                   │
│  └── ProxyService (Handles URL proxying)                    │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Provider Registry                                          │
│  └── Manages all registered providers                       │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Providers (Implement BaseProvider)                         │
│  ├── VixSrcProvider                                         │
│  ├── YourCustomProvider                                     │
│  └── ...                                                    │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Cache Layer                                                │
│  ├── MemoryCache (Development)                              │
│  └── RedisCache (Production)                                │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## ✅ OMSS Compliance

This implementation follows the [OMSS Specification](https://github.com/omss-spec/omss-spec):

- ✅ **Standardized Response Format**: All responses follow OMSS schema
- ✅ **TMDB Validation**: All requests validated against TMDB
- ✅ **Proxy Support**: Required for all streaming URLs
- ✅ **Error Handling**: OMSS-compliant error responses
- ✅ **Source Identification**: Unique IDs for all sources
- ✅ **Audio Track Support**: Multiple audio tracks per source
- ✅ **Subtitle Support**: VTT/SRT subtitle formats
- ✅ **Quality Indicators**: Resolution-based quality tags
- ✅ **Provider Attribution**: Source provider identification
- ✅ **Diagnostics**: Detailed error/warning information

## 📚 Additional Resources

- [OMSS Specification](https://github.com/omss-spec/omss-spec)
- [Basic Server Example](./examples/basic-server.ts)
- [Provider Example](./examples/example-provider.ts)
- [TMDB API Documentation](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our contributing guidelines before submitting PRs.

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/) for their excellent API
- All provider maintainers
- OMSS specification contributors

---

**Note**: This is a reference implementation. Always ensure you have the legal right to stream content and comply with applicable copyright laws in your jurisdiction.

Commit message:

refactor: update README.md with installation template and remove example server files

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# OMSS Example Backend

<img  alt="40211688-73db-47bd-8153-30d1a416f576" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc6d19dc-0d86-43e5-86cc-6e1d32bdab40" />

This is an extendable example implementation of the **[OMSS (Open Media Streaming Standard)](https://github.com/omss-spec/omss-spec)** backend server. It demonstrates how to build a compliant streaming media aggregation service that scrapes content from multiple providers and returns standardized responses. This is nearly a scraping framework. It handles most of the logic already for you. You just have to add the scraping logic!

</div>

## 🎯 What is OMSS?

OMSS is an open standard for streaming media aggregation. It provides a unified API for fetching movie and TV show streaming sources from multiple providers, with built-in proxy support, subtitle handling, and quality selection.

### Key Features

- ✅ **Standardized API**: Consistent response format across all providers
- ✅ **Multi-Provider Support**: Aggregate sources from multiple streaming providers
- ✅ **Built-in Proxy**: Automatic URL proxying with header forwarding
- ✅ **TMDB Integration**: Validation against The Movie Database
- ✅ **Caching Layer**: Redis or in-memory caching for performance
- ✅ **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript support
- ✅ **Provider Management**: Easy enable/disable, automatic discovery
- ✅ **Health Checks**: Monitor provider availability
- ✅ **Refresh API**: Force cache invalidation when needed

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Creating Custom Providers](#creating-custom-providers)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [OMSS Compliance](#omss-compliance)
- [License](#license)

## 🚀 Installation

There is a template which you can use to easily create your own streaming backend. Check it out [here!](https://github.com/omss-spec/template) **This is the easiest way to create your own OMSS backend.**

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18.x or higher
- npm or yarn
- TMDB API Key ([Get one here](https://www.themoviedb.org/settings/api))
- (Optional) Redis server for caching

### Install Dependencies

```bash
# npm
npm install @omss/framework

# yarn
yarn add @omss/framework

# pnpm
pnpm add @omss/framework
```

## 🚀 Quick start

Minimal example using the built‑in provider and in‑memory cache:

```ts
// src/server.ts
import { OMSSServer } from '@omss/framework';
import { ExampleProvider } from './src/providers/implementations/example-provider';

// Create server instance
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'My OMSS Backend',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: 'localhost',
    port: 3000,
    cache: {
        type: 'memory',
        ttl: {
            sources: 7200,
            subtitles: 7200,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});

// Register providers
const registry = server.getRegistry();
registry.register(new ExampleProvider());

// or use the very cool auto-discovery feature
// registry.discoverProviders('./path/to/providerfolder');
// Note: this is relative to where you start the server.

// Start server
await server.start();
```

`.env`:

```env
TMDB_API_KEY=your_tmdb_key_here
HOST=localhost
PORT=3000
NODE_ENV=development
```

Run in dev:

```bash
npx tsx src/server.ts
```

And then it should work!

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Server Configuration Options

```typescript
interface OMSSConfig {
    // Required: Server identification
    name: string; // Your server name
    version: string; // OMSS Spec version

    // Optional: Network settings
    host?: string; // Default: 'localhost'
    port?: number; // Default: 3000
    publicUrl?: string; // For reverse proxy setups

    // Optional: Cache configuration
    cache?: {
        type: 'memory' | 'redis';
        ttl: {
            sources: number;
            subtitles: number;
        };
        redis?: {
            host: string;
            port: number;
            password?: string;
        };
    };

    // Required: TMDB configuration
    tmdb?: {
        apiKey?: string; // Can also use TMDB_API_KEY env var
        cacheTTL?: number; // Default: 86400 (24 hours)
    };
}
```

### Example Configurations

#### Development

```typescript
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'OMSS Dev Server',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: 'localhost',
    port: 3000,
    cache: {
        type: 'memory',
        ttl: {
            sources: 7200,
            subtitles: 7200,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});
```

#### Production with Redis

```typescript
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'OMSS Production',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: '0.0.0.0',
    port: 3000,
    publicUrl: 'https://api.mystream.com',
    cache: {
        type: 'redis',
        ttl: {
            sources: 7200,
            subtitles: 7200,
        },
        redis: {
            host: process.env.REDIS_HOST || 'localhost',
            port: parseInt(process.env.REDIS_PORT || '6379'),
            password: process.env.REDIS_PASSWORD,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});
```

#### Behind Reverse Proxy

```typescript
const server = new OMSSServer({
    name: 'OMSS API',
    version: '1.0.0',
    host: '0.0.0.0',
    port: 3000,
    // This is the public URL clients will use
    publicUrl: 'https://myapp.com/api',
    cache: {
        type: 'redis',
        redis: {
            host: 'redis.internal',
            port: 6379,
        },
    },
    tmdb: {
        apiKey: process.env.TMDB_API_KEY,
        cacheTTL: 86400,
    },
});
```

## 🔌 Creating Custom Providers

See the detailed [Provider Creation Guide](./examples/example-provider.ts) for a complete walkthrough.

### Quick Start with Auto-Discovery

The easiest way to add a new provider:

1. Create a directory for all of your provider files

    ```bash
    touch src/providers/implementations/my-provider.ts
    ```

2. Implement the `BaseProvider` class (see example below) in each file.

3. In the Setup, use the `discoverProviders` method of the `ProviderRegistry` to load all providers from that directory:

    ```typescript
    const registry = server.getRegistry();
    registry.discoverProviders('./src/providers/implementations'); // relative to where you start the server from
    ```

4. That's it! The provider will be automatically discovered and registered when you start the server!

No imports, no manual registration needed!

### Minimal Provider Example

```typescript
import { BaseProvider } from './src/providers/base-provider';
import { ProviderCapabilities, ProviderMediaObject, ProviderResult } from './src/core/types';

export class MyProvider extends BaseProvider {
    // Required: Provider identification
    readonly id = 'my-provider';
    readonly name = 'My Provider';
    readonly enabled = true;

    // Required: Base URL and headers
    readonly BASE_URL = 'https://provider.example.com';
    readonly HEADERS = {
        'User-Agent': 'Mozilla/5.0',
        Referer: 'https://provider.example.com',
    };

    // Required: Declare what this provider supports
    readonly capabilities: ProviderCapabilities = {
        supportedContentTypes: ['movies', 'tv'],
    };

    // Implement movie scraping
    async getMovieSources(media: ProviderMediaObject): Promise<ProviderResult> {
        this.console.log('Fetching movie sources', media);

        try {
            // Your scraping logic here
            const streamUrl = await this.scrapeMovieUrl(media.tmdbId); // this is just some example function

            return {
                sources: [
                    {
                        url: this.createProxyUrl(streamUrl, this.HEADERS),
                        type: 'hls',
                        quality: '1080p',
                        audioTracks: [
                            {
                                language: 'en',
                                label: 'English',
                            },
                        ],
                        provider: {
                            id: this.id,
                            name: this.name,
                        },
                    },
                ],
                subtitles: [],
                diagnostics: [],
            };
        } catch (error) {
            this.console.error('Failed to fetch sources', error, media);

            return {
                sources: [],
                subtitles: [],
                diagnostics: [
                    {
                        code: 'PROVIDER_ERROR',
                        message: `${this.name} failed`,
                        field: '',
                        severity: 'error',
                    },
                ],
            };
        }
    }

    // Implement TV scraping
    async getTVSources(media: ProviderMediaObject): Promise<ProviderResult> {
        // Similar to getMovieSources but for TV
        return { sources: [], subtitles: [], diagnostics: [] };
    }

    // Optional: Custom health check
    async healthCheck(): Promise<boolean> {
        try {
            const response = await fetch(this.BASE_URL);
            return response.ok;
        } catch {
            return false;
        }
    }
}
```

### Full Provider Example

See the detailed [Provider Creation Guide](./examples/example-provider.ts) for a complete walkthrough.

## 📡 API Endpoints

### GET `/v1/movies/:tmdbId`

Fetch streaming sources for a movie.

**Parameters:**

- `tmdbId` (path): TMDB movie ID

**Response:**

```json
{
    "responseId": "uuid-v4",
    "expiresAt": "2026-01-18T20:00:00.000Z",
    "sources": [
        {
            "url": "/v1/proxy?data=...",
            "type": "hls",
            "quality": "1080p",
            "audioTracks": [
                {
                    "language": "en",
                    "label": "English"
                }
            ],
            "provider": {
                "id": "vixsrc",
                "name": "VixSrc"
            }
        }
    ],
    "subtitles": [],
    "diagnostics": []
}
```

### GET `/v1/tv/:tmdbId/seasons/:season/episodes/:episode`

Fetch streaming sources for a TV episode.

**Parameters:**

- `tmdbId` (path): TMDB series ID
- `season` (path): Season number (0-99)
- `episode` (path): Episode number (1-9999)

**Response:** Same structure as movies endpoint

### GET `/v1/proxy`

Proxy streaming URLs with custom headers.

**Query Parameters:**

- `data` (required): URL-encoded JSON containing:
    ```json
    {
        "url": "https://stream.example.com/video.m3u8",
        "headers": {
            "Referer": "https://provider.example.com"
        }
    }
    ```

### GET `/v1/refresh/:responseId`

Force refresh cached sources.

**Parameters:**

- `responseId` (path): Response ID from previous request

### GET `/v1/health`

Health check endpoint.

**Response:**

```json
{
    "status": "healthy",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "providers": {
        "total": 1,
        "enabled": 1
    }
}
```

## 🌍 Environment Variables

```env
# Server Configuration
PORT=3000            # Port number for the server
HOST=0.0.0.0         # Use 'localhost' to restrict to local access
NODE_ENV=development # 'development' | 'production'

# TMDB Configuration
TMDB_API_KEY=your_tmdb_api_key_here
TMDB_CACHE_TTL=86400

# Cache Configuration
CACHE_TYPE=memory    # 'memory' | 'redis'

# Redis Configuration (if using Redis cache)
REDIS_HOST=localhost # default Redis host
REDIS_PORT=6379      # default Redis port
REDIS_PASSWORD=      # Redis password if required
```

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                        OMSS Server                          │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Controllers                                                │
│  ├── ContentController (Movies/TV endpoints)                │
│  ├── ProxyController (Streaming proxy)                      │
│  └── HealthController (Health checks)                       │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Services                                                   │
│  ├── SourceService (Aggregates provider results)            │
│  ├── TMDBService (Validates against TMDB)                   │
│  └── ProxyService (Handles URL proxying)                    │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Provider Registry                                          │
│  └── Manages all registered providers                       │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Providers (Implement BaseProvider)                         │
│  ├── VixSrcProvider                                         │
│  ├── YourCustomProvider                                     │
│  └── ...                                                    │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  Cache Layer                                                │
│  ├── MemoryCache (Development)                              │
│  └── RedisCache (Production)                                │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## ✅ OMSS Compliance

This implementation follows the [OMSS Specification](https://github.com/omss-spec/omss-spec):

- ✅ **Standardized Response Format**: All responses follow OMSS schema
- ✅ **TMDB Validation**: All requests validated against TMDB
- ✅ **Proxy Support**: Required for all streaming URLs
- ✅ **Error Handling**: OMSS-compliant error responses
- ✅ **Source Identification**: Unique IDs for all sources
- ✅ **Audio Track Support**: Multiple audio tracks per source
- ✅ **Subtitle Support**: VTT/SRT subtitle formats
- ✅ **Quality Indicators**: Resolution-based quality tags
- ✅ **Provider Attribution**: Source provider identification
- ✅ **Diagnostics**: Detailed error/warning information

## 📚 Additional Resources

- [OMSS Specification](https://github.com/omss-spec/omss-spec)
- [Basic Server Example](./examples/basic-server.ts)
- [Provider Example](./examples/example-provider.ts)
- [TMDB API Documentation](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please read our contributing guidelines before submitting PRs.

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [TMDB](https://www.themoviedb.org/) for their excellent API
- All provider maintainers
- OMSS specification contributors

---

**Note**: This is a reference implementation. Always ensure you have the legal right to stream content and comply with applicable copyright laws in your jurisdiction.
